NSIGII_DroneAirCraft_16April2026_DroneAircraft
-------------------
Good one oK. OK, today's date is. Is. The 16th of April 2026. The time now is 1017 PM. Yeah, so I'm gonna have to express this properly so you know. MMM. I'm saying, uh, it's no good. Uh, so, uh, suppressing that, umm. The yes, so this it is going to be on my work work, my paperwork is there. Yes, it is. So we're going to have the sticky drum. Call this newspaper work. Yeah, sorry about this. So I have been seeing the Commission drum we're going to have. The Insigi sparse drone, so everything's going to be a module from. For visiting. We're gonna have. A try a quadcopter, but it's like a. Uh drone come to so for landing. Uh, up an hour for so let me just get to it. So in ciggy spelled N for November S for Sarah. I for India, G for gold. Uh, I for India. I for India is the human rights protocol. It gives you food, hot and shelter. Robots, humanoids. Robots. Otesige is a drone, so insigi. Is a drone aircraft. For humanitarian aid. The for humanitarian. 8. 8 So this is a drone that actually can double does an aircraft. To carry food, water. Uh a short term food, water and shelter. Uh for food. And water, uh, medical supplies. Medication treatment, you know, for kind of a civil class or kind of worst kind of environment. It's, uh, it's, it is not a toy. It is never a toy. It is never weapon. And it's never weapon. And it's never a problem. It's never a problem. You know, these are the three closest. It's like what is bound by because the human physical, you know, they never, you know, it's very problematic. It's never problematic. It's never a choice and it's never a weapon. And I'm trying to draw the diagram today to suppress this kind of thing in kind of formal sense. He dispensed rubbish, by the way. After, uh, what's to it? Problem. Umm, the never toy is an SD sound. Uh, it's a it's a trilateral SDK. That means it's 3 means they are three are consensual educators. So the the the first education called never 12:00 and basically for. In the loop, human in the loop. She gave human a lip. Human a leap is. Uh, never problem. Never a problem. A human outer loop. A human outer loop. Is outlook for the process of the operation. A human on the loop of is never a weapon. So you got to get human. So you get some, you get human on the loop. That's never a problem. Human in the loop know it. Earn a human in the loop. A human in Delumina for a problem human outer loop. Uh, never a weapon. On a human, uh. On the loop. On the loop is never a toy. That means you and really are a model of education via physics, physical physics like spring physics or things that elastic you know things that are that can verify choice can echo chamber, but you know you hear message twice, you refer consent because you receive verification twice. And sticky is a human whose goal this is basically bound to the ontological. Bayesian intelligence, Infrastructure intelligence, Obia I Architecture, infrastructure and infrastructure association systems using top down and bottom-up reasoning. So here's my my both my joint. So I'm going to try to get the units break here. MMM. So I'm gonna use. My protector here. Put it here. I'm gonna do the turbines first, so the turbines will be here. Mm-hmm. And here should I. So the best complete Turnpike left. How how the drone gets left? You don't have two lift modes. 2 lift modes let me draw the first lift mode, so I'm going to draw it here. Here. So this is centred. Here. It's not a sense of the way I know that this is 1515 plus. Plus 5.5. +5 is 15 + 5 is 2/20/20. 2020 centimetres. I'll take 18, so I'll do body by 1818. 1815. Pen into. But the team here is. Let me just take it 15 plus. Let's just 151414. 14 + 14 28 frequency accondesion, yeah, basically capacity 14. From here it's 14. Here I am careful change. Note this one Four teams will be hot. 1980 two 18 / 2 no son of a drone here and you have a top down plane, so you're going to have a top down elevation here. So this is a drone that can this I'm trying to join the wing. So during the wing of the drones, and this will look like so doing drones will look like if you have a three drum, but it's a four drones in 1. So it's a four with a drone. So basically the drone can have the four in one. We're going to have a. Uh, also throwing 4 blades UH-44 turbines. So you gonna have full propellers, 4 propellers, 4 propellers to propellers don't open, You're gonna have 4 propellers and you're gonna have let's make it. Five. No, it's gonna add more weight. Umm. Oh yeah, full profit, a certain sort of full purpose. Are you going to have this here? Gonna do this so this is basically. The Bella here. Let's do this so we cannot get uh, 99. So we see this centre is uh. Which is 1414. 1414 divided by. 14/9. Call 00. 00429 I can have a couple, you can have 0014 I can have something relative here which will basically be here. You're going to have 123. 123. Should I do it that way? The woman was concerned. Nor do you. The closer and warm to. You're going to have 14-9. 14-9 gonna have basically be. So basically it's gonna be. And so you've been here. Gonna have. I love the ratio here, so let's do. One state which are equals 1. I don't know this is going to use, but I'm going to use it as 5 centimetres long. Uh, no. UH-5 uh, let's make it. You know, you're like A4 wing, so you're gonna have three wings. Spin as 4 wings and there'll be a track of time. I'm buying a chocolate. You can have one artificial, one pseudo ink and you know, basically the goal is to have a kind of take off procedure. So let me try and design it properly, you know, around my human rights. So you're going to have three main wings. And these three wings act in earth to make one big umm wing like assemble in the air. Ilson Altitude. So basically if I go. 6 centimetres here. Infested me to see him. Will be here. Yeah, Centre. And the whole angle is this, I don't know, 1 angle is just now. This would be a six centimetres angle of. So this needs to be same thing. Anglo. What's the closest? I actually feel no I should have a. That's true, but he's not to get off the. So this would be fun. Three by three. No, I didn't dissect it very well. So basically you're going to have three wings. So I don't know. I can't, I can't do this. So Senna. Uh, this is uh, 90°. So the space will be. Yeah, let's say you have centre here. I sent this here. You have the you have. Thought you. Gonna have the space and all. This person of fortune. 12 to the 5/30/20. So basically this is 3 centimetres come. This is 3 by 2 centimetres, 3 centimetres. And alcohol. Tell me something good. Basically this is a. MMM, 30 seconds to look good. Yeah, 0 centimet. No no no no somebody's playing my computer. No. No. Not ask for. I just not ask for. Yeah, uh. Oh health. There's a three blades on the foot. 60th. So what's the area? I don't know. And better measurements. Recorded it. So, uh. I'm still doing the work, but you know it can't be long, so let me try to stop outside your eye from doing work. Uh, so one thing is that we're going to have three wings, UH-3, uh, prepared. 3 propellers gonna have a propellers. 3 propellers again, I'll be spinning. We're gonna have one artificial propeller, so you can have one fake propeller, but this is gonna basically gonna assemble into one propeller in the air. So propellers. Propellers, you know. Uh, repellers, So you'll have a turbine. A gun propeller so hard for us work. So you're gonna use a tick lift. So propellers are what you're gonna have. So you have 3 propellers in one, but you're gonna be as one propeller. So we're gonna have actually one for the two. Then when you go to such altitude, you're gonna act up 1. So if you want to do something forward, you need to push backwards. That's describe still holds true to them. A. A A Newton's total of motion circles, action and reaction. It's not always obvious, but in essence This is me would also suffer around those. Dose in a car, the wolves do something, the tides kick against the rope, that's what the ship and the planes Pablo propellers. So you can have three pillars and get assembled into one propeller and that's the goal of the whole system. Uh, so basically I've done my propeller here. But I've made so much mistakes, so I'm gonna rub it out and do it again. So basically I'm going to draw a propeller here. Uh, show those who say try to come to the draw. I'm gonna draw to draw 3 propellers over here away a propeller here to my uh. This is 12. So you can have an angle of 12°. No, 12° you have tougher pillars. I have uh, you have a degree of 30°. So if I make it enough to make it uh, 360. Times 8 / 8 to be 3.8, so let's make it 3. Equidistant, so we're going to have. 3 centimetres. 4 centimetres. 5 centimetres. You can have enough of a musician. Would have offer the visual being. You don't have 3°. So for the B. I don't have uh. 453 centimetres. 363 divided by. Profile so for five degrees will be here. So let me try to measure this one. So how what do I do on Focus? Yeah, I want 4 propellers here so I can have the maximum left. So yeah, you're gonna have four, yeah. What's my what's my recent now where's my cholesterol? So we're gonna have angle. So basically I must see this one. For 5° here. So if you have a game. I I I never for five degrees over. So I'm trying to propel this into the sky. Uh, this is very big on Claire, very unclear to many of me, but you know, let me try and do it right now. 3 centimetres. 4 centimetres. So this is what our propellers here. So you have one propeller here, but this one propeller that that has repeated 3 times. So I do it three more times and ensure the ship of the drone. So we can have the drum here. So this you're gonna have. You can also do the drunk. Basically I'm redoing the drone to show you how it look like. Basically the three portalers are at at an angle to each other and they are basically at 365. 60 / 3 is 20. 20° so. 20° so basically ours is thought 20°. So they are they are 360 drones. They are 300. They are the degrees of the drones are they have a basically the drones going to be propelled to their face offwards and basically they're going to act as one propeller. So basically, yeah, it's like your toe, like your toe. So your toe has like a a you have a toe into your toe because that is for grappling. So your toe think of your feet as. I think of your feet as a toe. Your feet has toes in it and your toes are in the air. You know, no, you swing it to your monkey and and the monkey is spectrum. So you have gaping with your throat and there's a toe extra toe because those toes have to grab the space, give space to grab some the space to grab. You follow the space of the same thing with the sky. So you're you have 3 propellers begin doing together to into one propeller, and that propeller is going to be 1 big propeller. That you can, uh, move around. Basically, you can, you can use uh, to stop uh, to be stable in the sky. The same concept applies. Are you gonna have 6, uh, six centimetres? Six more anglesis. What language is? Angle here. You can have the, so I'm going to do the three. I'm going to do this what looks like basically so 3/4 here, 1234. We can have four more on this side of the paper here, so you can have four more. She's going to do a formal so 3 centimetre. They have a space for folks who be here. And that will be for five time. Let me just go. So basically go to propolis here and you know this is second propeller here and I don't know already. So basically you'll have 3 propellers total. Like a. Basically I'm selling robots too, but you know, I have to see how it goes. I'm trying to do properly. So you have 3 propellers that come one propeller. Under one wing. I don't know how to. Gonna have for five degrees. I'm gonna have oh for 6 minutes. OK, look so basically this video is passed for 5 minutes and I can't do this part for fun. You can't go past 15 minutes. So 3 populars are here. So draw my video. I'm going to act as one propeller as one propeller going to be 1 system and going to paint like you know this is going to be spinning in the act of 360 countical price. To generally live clockwise.obCraftforPaylpr oK. So you're gonna have UH-4 propellers here? 3 propellers, So you have 3 propellers. We're going to work together as one propeller, following all designs. So the old image, where is the old picture I drew? I'll find it, but you know, gonna have 3 preparers and three the 111 big propeller you know, but was gonna be like a toe kind of a model. So basically think of yours. So you have a monkey swinging on a branch. And the monkey has photos, photos of one one stop, one picture, one like A1 store. That's not at all one grappling tool. So they split it in the monkey's legs. Monkey's toes is a toe there, but that was no root or just a space. But that's just goes graven branches are the purpose. That's the top, because that's kind of the top. So it's like an whatever you think about Avatar, the same thing for the avatar. Avatar has like a avatar. The movies not from the airbender's avatar has like the the the the. Have the blue the house tours but they have a one they have. Photos but I've won 111 spare top. There's a fifth toe but I 5th toe is basically in between the legs and the same for the wing. So the wing is the same thing. So you have 3 propellers we have when they join together, when they stem together into a module it's it's 1 module and one module can be assembled and assembled. So because you can assemble it into, into a a a a, a kind of, umm, you can disassemble it tomorrow. You can separate the tree, the tree, umm, the three, uh, uh, the three, the three, uh, propellers you get, you need two different configurations. You have a sparse way of modelling. So this is like a, because you enjoying them properly into something. Just join them, join them, control the judiciary of how your planes fly in the air. So this is a model of dealing kind of aerial area kind of phenomenon like a wind turbine and things like. In rain, you know. But it's like a, it's like a, it's like a drum that flies. And it's going to be waterproof, of course, going to be waterproof at school. Open the proof. So let me just draw this one. So these are human turbine drones that fly, so basically only bullets. So what's my pen? Someone writing. I'm gonna have, uh, three, uh. Centimetre propellers. Three by three. Inside 3 by 3 * 2. 3 * 2 three. 3 * 3. 3 * 3 M. Uh, so you can have three transcripts. So these are the proposal looks like now. So this looks like so you can have three propellers. You're going to fly, adjust each other. So you can have three propellers spinning. So the top down model, so you can have something around them. So basically these are components. They can similar this so you know, so you can have them, you know, you have to contain some component. You have to module it. So the modules are so some same. Drink some water. So let me explain something now. So you're gonna have the phase of take off. So the phases are like this. Uh, to get a half the phases. So we're going to have, uh. Gonna have launch face you're gonna have. Uh, a take off. A take off. So the three propellers have to get so altitude. This I have to do some altitude to join. To us join us during the propeller. 3 propellers into one propeller. So so you can deal with some kind of air friction. 100 uh, metres above the ground. 100 metres above ground, uh. Uh, umm, no. The gun can shoot them down. Let's go. To go 1/3 Hun two 52150 metres above the ground to. UH-500 metres on. 1000 it's one kilometre above the ground. So, you know, drones are not really in that kind of category. But no, that's what I'm trying to do. So 2050 metres above the ground and 1000 metres, 1 kilometre. And these are the chicken project works. So the drone has to uh uh assemble uh. You know models. You can have a module, so you can have the you can have the phases and the pipeline. So you're going to have the uh procedure. Hello, are you gonna have to process? I gotta have the pipeline. You said keywords, by the way, that I'm trying to define in the city protocol. So the drone taker procedure is a process, a procedure is a main characteristics of a system and a pipeline is defined some kind of module. Modular component instruction. Gonna have some kind of modular condominiums. So the process is that, you know, a process is a four way, a four way, a four way FFI or four way, a two by two way FFI, 2 by two foreign function interface. So it's a square, it's a square. A process is defined by the kind of a, you know, instruction protocol in secure protocol itself. For take off. Now remember this is basically the human out the loop system. For ontological. Bayesian Intelligence. O on the excel, the nose itself Ontological means me, myself and I I know my state, I know myself, I know I'm doing base your mean prob based on the probability I it doesn't just means uh AI intelligence. For my computer hardware, so going to have a two way foreign function interface. Uh, does the fine. So the uh, echo confine my my so you can have a propeller. Umm, before gonna focus on process, the process is the protocol itself, like the, uh, this defined, uh, aircraft location, uh, for takeoff. Now the takeoff location is what the wings to do What, what, what the, what the, what the wings should do, what the propeller should do. So it includes all the portfolios of the module. So I'm going to start bottom up. So the modules are here include the aircraft. Propellers. Which I'm not speak about people. So for example, the problems are part of the module, I think of SOAP, the propellers turn on, turn on. Turn on. The the initiate or turn on. They invoke the driver, invoke the driver. Um, the process of them invoking the driver is two way focus of every computer control binding. So it's a binding, so sort of process, another procedure. And the procedure is a is A2 directions of a procedure locks is a two way effect. So it's a rectangular system. SO2 systems are two or two or more systems in about it's a rectangle basically because you have all squares, all bindings are drivers. Not all drivers are bindings. All squares are rectangles, not all squared triangles. Both no squads, no so strong squares all two way communication is bidirectional and this binary topology, this binary equals the the authentic patient assistance Obi AI to have a software development kit and it's basically not a not a weapon, not weapon because FPC is a human outlook. So autonomy autonomous system and you know the trilateral education so good human out the loop systems. So you're going to have a two way, two way fi. I'm gonna have a 2 by 2 weight fi which is basically a binding and A2 by 222 which is a two by two which is 2 on 2 which is 2 on 2 which is a rectangle. You know, So you have a two way 2 two way communication. But you know they are disturbed the process of they have they have two main entry points because they are two on two system. So if a rectangle is 2 on two, that means there's a it's a driver you can execute the topology. Now the topology depends on the procedure. So policies are produced, have produced the procedure have two main entry points. Uh, for constructionthemain.exe routine go. Well, I won't listen in a Python And they determine how the orchestrator, the political Ala integral P for Papa, I for Liverpool, I for Lima, I for Ingle B for Bravo, P for Papa O 4OAL wife and Yankee C for Charlie A for AALAL system. I made that and the goal of this is to have the the bindings use the bindings. Give official and the drivers to give instruction. You know determine instructions via main.exe drive. View the workspace of Rust. So for example if you have if you have a Go Python, if you have Go and Python, you have a executable main.exe main. Orchestrate the driver via mesh rings, mesh via mesh topology of orchestrations. You're going to have two drivers talk to each other basically and once doing one job, one job is doing 11 task like operating the wings. Uh, while all the three, uh, another sounds like scheduling, truck scheduling truck scheduling, you know, uh, so if you want, if an X means they are 111 main.exe. Is doing uh uh, is lifting sticking is thick enough? Is doing shake off. A circle or a north, north or north NOUGHT is doing. Initiation. And this is a SPA job via edge computing interface. Which is basically. A a a a a scheduling operation. So they can consider 2 jobs, take off and, uh, take off and. Shake off or. This is a mess. Well, you get idea. So just gotta be actors. One wing in total so you can be one whole wing that spin around too. So you're gonna have. So you have 4 weeks in total because you know this, you have 4 wings instead. So you better just have 4 wings. You have 3 wings assemble. So basically have 4 wings and the four wings of yeah, for one big wing. So you have one wing, one big wing and three smaller wings. That's what I mean. So you have one big wing and three smaller wings. So that's inside, Inside looks to get one big wing. This is look at my head. So one big wing that's on the bottom that has three smaller wings attached and this one is going to spin. I think it was 6 spins. So again, the spin to spin uncover in a way that you know has reduced homogeneous again, it's put in the air and sticking off of your propellers. So this is this is how it looks guys. Uh, let me try and probably try to be more careful my drawing. MMM. So you have 4. MMM. Basically be half the span of that. So they were spinning in a kind of way, but you know, spinning to stability and that's it, you know, You know. But this will shut down. This one is not the big wig in the middle is not needed basically, but only we're going to do some altitude that we need itself. That is really you can't turn the middle wing on until the the the big ones needed. So the biggest wing in the middle is not needed per se. It's just that you know it's needed when you have when you're trying to get more lift into the air, you know, but you know, it's it's not going to turn on when you need this again, turn on when you need it. You know when you need it. I'm guess I'm saying to you guys. Show the video down. I'm gonna be making robots too.

Speechnotes :) https://speechnotes.co