Nnamdi Okpala  0:15  
Okay, three usage is 16th of April, 28 six. The time now is 10:17pm, so I'm gonna have to express this properly. So you know, I

Nnamdi Okpala  0:47  
public. So am I saying good? So pressing that that Yes. So this is gonna be on my work, where's my paperwork? Is it there? Yes, it is. So we're gonna have the Siggy drone, yeah.

Nnamdi Okpala  1:13  
Sorry about this. I

Nnamdi Okpala  1:24  
so we're gonna have drone. We're gonna have the NCD sparse drone, so everything will be a module from for benefits. We're gonna have tried a quad copter, but it's like a drone culture, so for landing up an arms. So let me just get to it. So in Sigi spelled end of November. S for Sarah, I for India. G for gold, I for India. I for India is a human rights protocol. It gives you food, hot and shelter. We've got NCG robots, humanoid robots, but in Sigi is a drone. So ing is a drone aircraft for humanitarian aid, for humanitarian aid aid. So this is a drone that African double does an aircraft to carry food water and shelter. Food water and shelter for food and water, medical supplies, medication, treatment, you know, for kind of a civil class or kind of wars, kind of environment. It is not a toy. It is never a toy. It is never weapon, and it's never weapon, and it's never a problem. It's never a problem. You know, these are the three clauses of NCG. It's like what is bound by physical you know, they know it's problematic. It's never problematic. It's never a toy, and it's never a weapon. And I'm trying to draw the diagram today to express this kind of thing, kind of formal sense, just spent rubbish, by the way. Problem, never toy is an essay the trilateral SDK, that means it's three educate means there are three. Are consensual education. So the first education for never toy and basically for human in the loop, human in the loop, so you get human in loop. Human in loop is never a problem, never a problem. A human out the loop, human out the loop is out the loop of the process of operation. A human out the loop of is never a weapon. You

Nnamdi Okpala  4:31  
up. So you gotta get human in loop. So to get human on the loop, that's never a problem. Human in the loop, know it no human in the loop. Human in the loop, never problem. Human out the loop, never a weapon and a human. Human on the loop, on the loop, is never a toy. That means a model of rotation via physics. Physical. Physics is spring physics, or things that elastic, things that can refer you can echo chamber, which means you hear, which is twice with consent, because you receive verification twice a human physical this is basically bound to the ontological Bayesian intelligence, infrastructure intelligence, Obia, AI architecture and infrastructure and infrastructure systems using top down and bottom up reasoning, top down reasoning, or what I Call imperative reasoning, or bottom up reasoning, which are called decorative reasoning. So without further ado, let me just start looking to join. So here's my my board, my joint. So I'm going to try to get you this correct here. So I'm going to use my protector here, put it here.

Nnamdi Okpala  6:13  
I'm not doing turbines first, so the turbines

Nnamdi Okpala  6:21  
will be here, so four centimeters, so the person's left. How? How the drone gets left. The drone has two lift modes, three lift mode. Let me draw the surface mode. So I'm going to draw it here. I'm

Nnamdi Okpala  6:47  
is a wing here. So this is centered here, center, by the way, I know that theme plus 5.5 15 plus five is. 15 plus five is 220, 2020, 22, sentences. Five is 20. I'll take

Nnamdi Okpala  7:38  
18 so in tune. Here is the scene.

Nnamdi Okpala  7:59  
This is

Nnamdi Okpala  8:08  
this circle here.

Nnamdi Okpala  8:15  
Circle here. So we

Nnamdi Okpala  8:39  
eight in 1400 14

Nnamdi Okpala  9:15  
15 to act. Position, yeah, basically, capacity, 14, here. Yeah,

Nnamdi Okpala  9:40  
this one plus levels, 1919, 18, over two. Top

Nnamdi Okpala  10:20  
on the top down plane. So we're gonna have a top down elevation here. So this is a drone that can this wing. So I'm doing the wing of the drones, and this has look like, so drone will look like if you have a three drum, but it's a four drones in one. So this is a four window drum. So basically the drone gonna be four in one. We're gonna have four wings, four blades, four four turbines. So we're gonna have four propellers, four propellers, four propellers to propel the drone upward. Gonna have four for players I'm gonna have, let's make it five. No, I'm always, oh yeah, four For this. Gonna have this here?

Nnamdi Okpala  11:36  
Yeah, talk about two, which is 1414, nine or 00, 14, nine. I can

Nnamdi Okpala  11:58  
have you can have. You can have, can have something relative here, which will

Nnamdi Okpala  12:10  
basically be you can have 12312, Should I do it that way? The woman, wife comes up in one sleep.

Nnamdi Okpala  12:35  
Are closing in one

Nnamdi Okpala  12:45  
gonna have 14, 9429, gonna have here padding basically Be

Nnamdi Okpala  13:28  
will basically, but

Nnamdi Okpala  13:41  
you've been here, gonna have the ratio, yeah, one centimeter equal. I don't know this is gonna use, but I'm gonna use it as five centimeters long.

Nnamdi Okpala  14:02  
No, so basically, this one, so basically, so if you're gonna have three wings, and the three wings are gonna be like a four weeks, so you have three wings spin as four wings, and then the Tricopter, you don't have one artificial wisdom, one pseudo wing. And you know, basically it goes to have a kind of take up procedure. So let me try and design it properly. You know about my human rights. So gonna have three main wings. And these three wings acts make one big wing. So after altitude so this if I Go six and eight,

Nnamdi Okpala  15:05  
essentially,

Nnamdi Okpala  15:22  
origin will be, yeah, Yeah. What angle is this? I don't know what me

Nnamdi Okpala  15:42  
make it across. It's 14, so this needs to be thinking.

Nnamdi Okpala  16:24  
Have a tripod to bed and you're gonna have a wingspan or

Nnamdi Okpala  16:58  
know, I don't know, I Know the compass here.

Nnamdi Okpala  17:23  
Are three by two by two sentences. I don't know what are the even the way,

Nnamdi Okpala  17:36  
three by two sentences. I of the psychological science three by two. You know How my

Nnamdi Okpala  18:29  
a very so basically You're gonna have three wings, one, two.

Nnamdi Okpala  19:04  
Will know I can't, I can't use it, so fan off. This is a magically so, like, you

Nnamdi Okpala  19:18  
know, yeah, so the space will be, yeah, let's See we have center here. Reasonable

Nnamdi Okpala  20:16  
up to the 530, 20. So basically, this is recently the so basically, this is recently, this

Nnamdi Okpala  20:38  
is basically all called 30 seconds.

Nnamdi Okpala  20:52  
Don't know. Basically, this

Nnamdi Okpala  21:01  
is a position.

Nnamdi Okpala  21:29  
No, no, no, no, somebody's playing my computer. No, no, no, no ASPA. I just bought no ASPA. For

Nnamdi Okpala  22:06  
up first. Five

Nnamdi Okpala  23:28  
and we Blades on the floor. Yeah,

Nnamdi Okpala  24:34  
don't know that

Nnamdi Okpala  25:45  
lost it earlier. My day

Nnamdi Okpala  26:26  
other measurements. So I'm still doing the work, but you know, it's going to be long, so let me try to stop otter AI from doing work. So one saying is that you have three wings, three propellers, and three propellers. Gonna have propellers. Three propellers are gonna be spinning. We're gonna have one artificial propeller. So you have one fake propeller. But this basically is gonna You can basically assemble into one propeller in the air. So, propellers, propellers, you know, propellers. So you're gonna have the turbine again, propeller. So hard pullers work. So you guys use a chick lift. So propellers are one gonna have you have three propellers in one but again, there's one propeller when you get to says the altitude, something forward, need to push backwards.

Nnamdi Okpala  27:37  
Action and Reaction. It's not always obvious, but in essence, around in a car, the world do something the tight kick against the road. That's what the ship and the planes power propellers. So you have three colors, and they're assembled to one propeller, and that's go the whole system. So basically, I've drawn my propeller here. I've made so much mistakes, so I'm going to rub it out and do it again. So basically I'm going to draw a propeller here. I'm

Nnamdi Okpala  28:31  
the trying to come to draw, to draw frequent colors over here, Africa, here, my two centimeter three centimeter propeller. Two centimeter propeller, gonna be gonna have space of analysis you can have here, you can have three centimeters. You can have an angle of 30 degrees, 30 divided by 363 60 divided by 30 will give me four, one and a half propellant. So you can have one and a half of the ratio cover. So one half ratio be 360 divided by 13. This is 12. We can have an angle of 12 degrees. No 12 degrees. You have top of colors. I have a degree of 33 so how many dependent future they make it 316, divided by eight. So even colors. Let me make it 443. 16 divided by eight. I'll use that info colors. There'll be 45 degree angle. So let me get 360 divided by 360 divided by 10 times eight, divided by eight to be 2.8 so let's make it 360 divided by eight. 360 divided by eight to give me 45 degrees, so five weeks. So as far as the point here, I make it for five degree angle, which will be here, here, here, and I go and draw a line from here. Make it a good distance. So we're gonna have three centimeters, four centimeters, five centimeters and a half this one here, three centimeters, you have three by three centimeters, three by three centimeters, three by

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
